Test Plan for File Writer:
1) Make sure the file writes to bin/Debug/ as .txt file.
2) If any field is empty, display an error message.
3) Save to file should attempt to save to the above pathway (see 1)
4) There should be no commas in the output file.
5) The output should be set up as Year,Make,Model,StatedMPG,PurchasePrice,1YearInsurance,1YearRepairs,1YearFuel,5YearTotalCost 
6) The output file should be able to go into a .csv file and output in Excel.

Test Plan for the Car Cost Comparison:
1) For now, the year manufactored, make, and model text fields should not interact with anything.
2) For the MPG, Initial Price, Annual Repair Cost, and Annual Insurance Cost text fields, ensure these values are a valid value and do not contain illegal characters.
3) The totals should not be interactable beyond just display the results.
4) The calculate button should accurately calculate the bottom set of fields.
5) The clear button should clear all the editable fields. Clear the car classes.
6) The exit button should exit the program.
7) Make sure the two cars created from the Car class are able to be editted. 
8) The yearly gas total calculation should be correct. This is done by taking the average miles driven in a year, divided it by the MPG of the car, then multiple the result by the average cost of gas. Do this for both cars.
9) If an entry is not valid for the MPG, throw the user an error.
10) For each car, if the middle three fields are not filled in, either fill in the entry with defaults if nothing is inputted (and throw a messagebox at a user), or allow the entry to be zero (for the initial price only).
11) The car that costs the most over five years should have its field highlighted red.
12) Here is the info for the two vehichles I have owned/currently owned.

Car One:
1999 Ford Taurus SE
Combined MPG: 20
---
Initial Cost: $5000 (bought used)
Annual Repair Cost: $500
Annual Insurance Cost: $1200
---
Results from Calculator:


Car Two:
Mazda 3 sGT
Combined MPG: 33
---
Initial cost: $25000 (bought new)
Annual Repair Cost:  $500
Annual Insurance Cost: $1404
---
Results from Calculator:

